my name is Brandon floss and I live in
Northern California in the Scott Valley
and actually reside on the town of Etna
we're about 40 miles south of the Oregon
border so a little bit different than
what most people think of when they hear
California we have 100 plus degree days
in the summer and we have snow in the
winter so we have a full range
I started out expanding an FFA project
that I had in high school
I started out just custom hauling hay
for other farmers and I expanded that
into a full farming operation and then
purchasing a small farm and an adjacent
piece of land here this last fall and
through the winter time I'm
first-generation on the farm neither my
mother nor father had any farm
experience or ownership and we kind of
always joke about an agriculture
industry that the only way you get into
owning a farm is to marry it or inherit
it and I've taken the third route and
built it myself and purchased a small
one so I think one of the major aspects
that drew me to the farm operation was I
really enjoy seeing the progress that
can be made and seeing things grow
seeing the results of our work that we
do every day we're not just moving
papers from one file to another or not
just in an office all day our
environment is ever-changing
I had contemplated becoming an
accountant at one point in time and got
very close to going to law school and as
a matter of fact my older brother did go
to law school and is now an attorney
that practices in Orange County
California and I every now and then I
even have the regret so maybe I should
have gone that direction but but overall
no I don't have a bad day in any field
that you're in so I always knew I wanted
to work for myself whether that had been
in law or in a farm or you name and I
never saw myself just working for
somebody else I have had brief little
periods in my history where I was a
payroll employee for someone else one
a time of helping out the state with
some snow plowing in the wintertime and
while I was in high school and right out
I worked off him on at a couple local
ranches just in the summertime is extra
help and it was very apparent to me that
it was not inside my personal makeup or
chemistry or you name it to just be
working for somebody else